"How can we be "free" as conscious agents if everything that we consciously intend is caused by events in our brain that we do not intend and of which we are entirely unaware? We can't." - Sam Harris 
"Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?" - Noam Chomsky 
"A wasteland of embarrassment and social upheaval can be neatly avoided by following a single precept in life: Do not lie."- Sam Harris 
"We shouldn't be looking for heroes, we should be looking for good ideas." - Noam Chomsky 
"False encouragement is a kind of theft: it steals time, energy, and motivation a person could put toward some other purpose." - Sam Harris
"... the educational system is highly geared toward rewarding conformity and obedience; if you don't do that, you're a troublemaker."- Noam Chomsky 
"we do our friends no favors by pretending not to notice flaws in their work, especially when those who are not their friends are bound to notice these same flaws." - Sam Harris 
"Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war." - Seneca
"Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you were meant to be." - George A. Sheehan
"If anybody thinks they should listen to me because I'm a professor at MIT, that's nonsense. You should decide whether something makes sense by its content, not by the letters after the name of the person who says it." - Noam Chomsky 
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Churchill
"If you pay attention to your inner life, you will see that the emergence of choices, efforts, and intentions is a fundamentally mysterious process." - Sam Harris 
"Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today." - Benjamin Franklin
"I was never aware of any other option but to question everything." - Noam Chomsky 
"History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. "- Winston Churchill
"We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality." - Seneca
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Churchill
"A puppet is free as long as he loves his strings." - Sam Harris 
"He who dreads hostility too much is unfit to rule."- Seneca
"Discovery is the ability to be puzzled by simple things." - Noam Chomsky
"The whole educational and professional training system is a very elaborate filter, which just weeds out people who are too independent, and who think for themselves, and who don't know how to be submissive, and so on - because they're dysfunctional to the institutions." - Noam Chomsky
"Our minds are all we have. They are all we have ever had. And they are all we can offer others." - Sam Harris 
"The greatest remedy for anger is delay." - Seneca 
"The whole educational and professional training system is a very elaborate filter, which just weeds out people who are too independent, and who think for themselves, and who don't know how to be submissive, and so on - because they're dysfunctional to the institutions." - Noam Chomsky 
"It is the responsibility of intellectuals to speak the truth and expose lies." - Noam Chomsky

“Our ignorance can be divided into problems and mysteries. When we face a problem, we may not know its solution, but we have insight, increasing knowledge, and an inkling of what we are looking for. When we face a mystery, however, we can only stare in wonder and bewilderment, not knowing what an explanation would even look like.”
"Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment; it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way." - Noam Chomsky 
"Consider it - every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?" - Sam Harris
"On one level, wisdom is nothing more profound than an ability to follow one's own advice." - Sam Harris 

"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." - Winston Churchill 
"... the educational system is highly geared toward rewarding conformity and obedience; if you don’t do that, you’re a troublemaker."- Noam Chomsky 
